My life has always been pretty peaceful, no drama, my family has always been there for me, and I've always been top tier when it came to performance. Sometimes I think things have been going way too smoothly, and I’m scared something might change that. Life is full of uncertainties and you never know when something you take for granted gets taken away. 

I put on my shoes and grab my bag as I walk out the front door and I call out to my two cats, Archie and Emi.

“Alright, I’ll see you two later!” I said. Over three months ago, I found them inside of a cardboard box on the sidewalk while I was walking home after work. They're both still kitties and they are very cute and tiny.

I go down the stairs of my apartment building and walk over to the nearest bus stop. I live in the second story, and the bus stop is right outside the building, which makes going out less stressfull. I used to live pretty far from one at one point.

I arrived at the bus stop and took the bus towards the stop near my university. I love going there, it's a very big campus and I have friends I can talk to, which should be waiting for me. My stomach growled in discomfort as I was reminded I wasn't able to eat breakfast this morning.

After what felt like ages, I finally got off the bus and started my way towards the university. As I look around I observe that everything is so green around the university, there’s a lot of plant life, which I really haven't noticed until now. I don't really pay enough attention to these things, I guess today I woke up with a good mood. The roads are pretty empty, which isn't very surprising, because people usually commute here via public transport just like I do over using cars. Most people here can’t afford such luxuries, since most of us are stuck paying out student loans and other stuff like food and a roof over our heads, which makes having a part-time job or multiple a requirement to be able to live as a student over here.

I spot my two friends having lunch at the cafe on campus, Roxy and Mika. As I walk over there, they spot me instantly. My friend Mika was clearly more excited to see me than Roxy was. Me and Mika went to the same middle school, while Roxy is someone we met over here in uni.

Roxy called out to me. “Hazel! Hey! We’ve been waiting forever for you!” 

“Yeah, sorry! I didn’t get much sleep tonight, haha.” I chuckled.

“Why?” She asked me.

“Well, I stayed up all night hanging out with Axel.”

“You two are so close, it makes me a little jealous.” Mika, clearly irritated at even the mention of Axel, my boyfriend, visibly contorted her face.

“Huh? Why would it make you jealous? He’s my boyfriend, so of course I would be close to him.” I stated.

“Hmmmph! You never hang out with us though. All because he’s stuck to you like glue!”

“Give it a break Mika. You know Axel is important to her.” Roxy, the ever so reasonable one, intervened.

“I guess… I don’t know, I miss when Hazel actually hung out with us. Now she’s always with him, it makes me upset…” Mika, visibly upset, hung her head down and started fidgeting. I’m not stupid, it was clear that she likes me. She's been showing signs of this ever since high school, I don't even know how I'm supposed to act around her. I’m straight and have a boyfriend. She's never explicitly stated that she likes me or even that she has a crush on me, but I've been around her for more than enough time to tell.

“We already hang out pretty often, Mika you’re being unreasonable. Hazel has every right to be with her partner.” Roxy, probably also aware of this, kept telling her off.

“Whatever! I’m going to go buy something to eat.” Mika stood up and started walking towards the register. "Do you two want something too?"

“Sure.” I responded. Roxy didn't bother answering.

"Okay! I'll be right back."

Roxy splatted down on the table and looked at me for a little before looking away towards Mika. I could never really tell what Roxy was thinking. She never talks about herself and always tries to make us feel better.

As Mika walked over to the register, I noticed there was a girl I see often with long black hair and full black clothing in the front of the line ordering something. I always see her around but she doesn’t really talk to anyone. I can’t stop thinking about what she does, she’s so mysterious. She’s also really pretty, like probably the prettiest person I’ve ever seen. She has great fashion sense, always wearing something different everyday, and has this sort of “I don’t give a shit vibe”. It makes me curious, what is it that she does in her daily life? Does she live by herself or has any sort of pet? What her name was, or her age, or what classes she's taking. She doesn't carry much on her except for a medium sized computer bag, which has lead me to believe that she does some sort of computer science or maybe some other thing that requires a computer. Does she live nearby? Does she commute via bus like I do? Does she have a part-time job? Does she have any sort of social media? I wish she came up to me and we talked just so I can learn the sound of her voice.

“Hazel? Why are you just staring at her?” I noticed Roxy had just been looking at me for a bit, clearly curious on why I had been staring at this random person.

“Huh? What?” I snapped away from my daze. I pretended I didn’t hear her question because I wouldn’t even know how to answer it. Why was I staring at her? What am I, a creep? Even I gross me out. I don’t even like her, I just find her to be cool. I can't help but stare at her.

As me and Roxy spoke a little, I caught sight of her leaving with a coffee in her hands. What type of coffee did she buy? I think she bought an Espresso based on what I overheard her talk with the barista.

“Hey I’m back!” Mika said as she sat back down on the table. I didn’t even notice she was back. I guess I wasn’t paying attention.

“So Hazel… I got you your favorite, a chocolate babka!” (It's a sweet braided yeast-bread filled with ribbons of chocolate). She said as she presented it with her two hands.

“Thanks!” I grabbed the babka and took a small bite. “These things are so good… I’m surprised you don’t like these, Mika.” I said.

“I don’t like sweet stuff that much. I’m happy just buying these sorts of things for you. Seeing you happy makes me happy.” Mika smiled at me.

“And you didn’t get me anything? Wow.” Roxy said, pouting.

“You didn’t even ask for anything!” Mika replied.

Sometimes I feel as if I’m just using Mika to get what I want. She would of course buy me anything I wanted. But I can’t help but to take advantage of her kindness. I have barely any money to buy anything more than what I’m already paying for my living expenses, and I have two kitties to take care of. I do live comfortably and do recieve financial support from my family when I truly need it, but I really wanted to sustain myself without any help. To prove I don't need anyone else to live by my own. I have a part-time job that pays enough to live, and it's not that hard to do either. I'm happy the way things are right now. I guess getting a few gifts shouldn't really matter, since she's the one that wants to give them too me, but maybe I should stop asking Mika or just rejecting her offers to buy me things. It just doesn't feel right.

As I finish eating, I check my phone for the time and realize that a really important lecture I was supposed to attend was about to start.

“Oh shit! I gotta go. My class is about to start. I’ll see you two later!” I grab my bag and stand up from my chair and start running. “Thank you Mika for the food! I really appreciate all the things you do for me!” I yelled out in an attempt to lighten Mika’s mood. “I promise I’ll pay you back eventually!” 

I had to make a turn in the hallway as I was running and then just when I turned the corner, I saw the black haired girl coming by and rammed into her. Her computer bag fell on the floor with a really loud thud, probably breaking it. This was clearly not the way I wanted to have our first interaction occur and I probably had the worst first impression I could ever give to someone.

"I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to bump into you like that! I swear I'll repay you for any damages I might've caused to your stuff. I truly am so sorry-" As I was heavily apologizing, she cut me off.

"Sorry doesn't cut it." As she said this, I started to get really nervous. What if her laptop completely broke, or maybe if she had something more important there than her laptop. I couldn't tell, and I wasn't ready to pay the price. She opened up her bag to check the damages, and the moment she opened it I noticed that there was a huge crack on one of the corners of the computer, she opened up the screen to find out it was completely cracked, and what truly set me off was that she looked like she didn't even care about it at all. I have never really caused accidents, or made someone upset, or broke something important to someone. This was the first time in my entire life doing something like this.

As I panicked, I tried to apologize again. "I'm sorry, I promise I'll do-" And she cut me off once again.

"Do you know what you just did? Not only my laptop was in there, but also my water bottle." She said as she showed me the inside of her bag, showing that the water bottle's cap broke and spilled water all over. The laptop with all of the openings caused by the crack, had water inside everywhere. "My computer was on and I was working on a really important project that was worth a big portion of my grade. This probably fried all of the electronics in there and probably also fried my SSD."

I didn't know what an SSD was, or how bad water damage can be on electronic devices, but based on the huge crack on the corner and the screen practically torn to pieces, I could tell what I have done ruined everything.

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." I didn't know what else to say, I really didn't know how to fix the things I've caused. I've had no situations like this in the past. I was crying and begging for forgiveness on the ground, probably looked pathetic to her.

"You really want to fix this, don't you?" She asked me with that same cold tone that she has kept over the course of our interaction. She really seemed like she didn't really care, or I'd say, she was more amused than dissapointed. I could see a slight grin forming on her face.

"I will do whatever it takes to make it up to you, I promise!" I said pleading to her. I probably had tears coming out of my eyes. I was so grateful there was no one else there to see this embarrasing situation. She walked over to me and kneeled down and caressed my head and eventually touched my cheek with the palm of her hand.

"Whatever it takes, you say?" She looked somewhat happy, or perhaps something resembling happiness.
